README.md, before:

# GO_mini_projects

## Exercism Challenge - GO - Track
| #  | Title     | Description                |
| :-------- | :------- | :------------------------- |
| 1 | [Hello World](https://exercism.org/tracks/go/exercises/hello-world)   | The classical introductory exercise. Just say "Hello, World!". |
| 2 | [Gopher's Gorgeous Lasagna](https://exercism.org/tracks/go/exercises/lasagna)   | Write code to cook a lasagna from your favorite cooking book. | 
| 3| [Weather Forecast](https://exercism.org/tracks/go/exercises/weather-forecast)   | Write a documantation for a code.|
| 4 | [Cars Assemble](https://exercism.org/tracks/go/exercises/cars-assemble)   | Write a code to analyze the production in a car factory.|
| 5 | [Annalyn's Infiltration](https://exercism.org/tracks/go/exercises/annalyns-infiltration)   |Implementing a simple quest logic for a RPG game.|
| 6 | [Welcome To Tech Palace!](https://exercism.org/tracks/go/exercises/welcome-to-tech-palace)   |Working with Strings and the GOlang String Package.|
| 7 | [Vehicle Purchase](https://exercism.org/tracks/go/exercises/vehicle-purchase)   | Create a simple program to purchase a vehicle.|
| 8 | [Party Robot](https://exercism.org/tracks/go/exercises/party-robot)   | Using Go's String format packages to solve a simple challenge.|
| 9 | [Card Tricks](https://exercism.org/tracks/go/exercises/card-tricks)   | Using Go's Slices to solve a simple cards challenge.|
| 10 | [Blackjack](https://exercism.org/tracks/go/exercises/blackjack)   | Using Go's Switch statements to solve a simple Blackjack challenge.|
| 11 | [Need For Speed](https://exercism.org/tracks/go/exercises/need-for-speed)   | Using Go's Struct  to solve a Need For Speed challenge.|
| 12 | [Animal Magic](https://exercism.org/tracks/go/exercises/animal-magic)   | Create an Animal Magic  game with Go's Random library.|
| 13 | [Bird Watcher](https://exercism.org/tracks/go/exercises/bird-watcher)   | Write a prograam to Digitalize the bird counts for the past weeks as a Bird Watcher.|

Commit message:

added Interest is Interesting to README  file

README.md, after:

# GO_mini_projects

## Exercism Challenge - GO - Track
| #  | Title     | Description                |
| :-------- | :------- | :------------------------- |
| 1 | [Hello World](https://exercism.org/tracks/go/exercises/hello-world)   | The classical introductory exercise. Just say "Hello, World!". |
| 2 | [Gopher's Gorgeous Lasagna](https://exercism.org/tracks/go/exercises/lasagna)   | Write code to cook a lasagna from your favorite cooking book. | 
| 3| [Weather Forecast](https://exercism.org/tracks/go/exercises/weather-forecast)   | Write a documantation for a code.|
| 4 | [Cars Assemble](https://exercism.org/tracks/go/exercises/cars-assemble)   | Write a code to analyze the production in a car factory.|
| 5 | [Annalyn's Infiltration](https://exercism.org/tracks/go/exercises/annalyns-infiltration)   |Implementing a simple quest logic for a RPG game.|
| 6 | [Welcome To Tech Palace!](https://exercism.org/tracks/go/exercises/welcome-to-tech-palace)   |Working with Strings and the GOlang String Package.|
| 7 | [Vehicle Purchase](https://exercism.org/tracks/go/exercises/vehicle-purchase)   | Create a simple program to purchase a vehicle.|
| 8 | [Party Robot](https://exercism.org/tracks/go/exercises/party-robot)   | Using Go's String format packages to solve a simple challenge.|
| 9 | [Card Tricks](https://exercism.org/tracks/go/exercises/card-tricks)   | Using Go's Slices to solve a simple cards challenge.|
| 10 | [Blackjack](https://exercism.org/tracks/go/exercises/blackjack)   | Using Go's Switch statements to solve a simple Blackjack challenge.|
| 11 | [Need For Speed](https://exercism.org/tracks/go/exercises/need-for-speed)   | Using Go's Struct  to solve a Need For Speed challenge.|
| 12 | [Animal Magic](https://exercism.org/tracks/go/exercises/animal-magic)   | Create an Animal Magic  game with Go's Random library.|
| 13 | [Bird Watcher](https://exercism.org/tracks/go/exercises/bird-watcher)   | Write a program to Digitalize the bird counts for the past weeks as a Bird Watcher.|
| 14 | [Interest is Interesting](https://exercism.org/tracks/go/exercises/interest-is-interesting)   | Write a program to calculate the interest , interest rate,annual balance and more of a savings account.|
